Add GraphRun object to make use of `next` more ergonomic (#833)
pydantic/pydantic-ai: docs/agents.md

You can also pass messages from previous runs to continue a conversation or provide context, as described in [Messages and Chat History](message-history.md).

> ---
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Iterating Over an Agent's Graph

> In more advanced scenarios, you may want to inspect or manipulate the agent's workflow as it runs. For example, you may want to collect data at each step of the run or manually decide how to proceed based on the node returned. In these situations, you can use the [`Agent.iter`][pydantic_ai.Agent.iter] method, a context manager which returns an [`AgentRun`][pydantic_ai.agent.AgentRun].

Reviewer: have we explained that agents are graphs under the hood by this point?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In more advanced scenarios, you may want to inspect or manipulate the agent's workflow as it runs. For example, you may want to collect data at each step of the run or manually decide how to proceed based on the node return value. In these situations, you can use the [`Agent.iter`][pydantic_ai.Agent.iter] method, a context manager which returns an [`AgentRun`][pydantic_ai.agent.AgentRun].
```

Author: Updated this section to more explicitly introduce pydantic-graph here and briefly explain how it's a part of the agent implementation.

                    )
                ],
                kind='request',
            )
        ),
        HandleResponseNode(
            model_response=ModelResponse(
                parts=[TextPart(content='Paris', part_kind='text')],
                model_name='function:model_logic',
                timestamp=datetime.datetime(...),
                kind='response',
            )
        ),
        End(data=FinalResult(data='Paris', tool_name=None)),
    ]
    """
    print(agent_run.final_result.data)
    #> Paris
```

- The `AgentRun` is an async iterator that yields each node (`BaseNode` or `End`) in the flow.
- The run ends when an `End` node is returned.

#### Using `.next(...)` manually

You can also drive the iteration manually by passing the node you want to run next to the `AgentRun.next(...)` method. This allows you to inspect or modify the node before it executes or skip nodes based on your own logic:

```python
from pydantic_ai import Agent
from pydantic_graph import End

agent = Agent('openai:gpt-4o')

async def main():
    with agent.iter('What is the capital of France?') as agent_run:
        # You can get the first node by calling __anext__ once

>         node = await agent_run.__anext__()

Author: The problem is `next` requires an input node. Maybe we should allow `None` and in that case use whatever was otherwise going to be the next node?

>         node = await agent_run.__anext__()

Author: The other option is that we make `.next_node` a public attribute of `GraphRun` and `AgentRun`. I see pros and cons to both, but I think we should do one of these. Let's discuss and make a decision together.

>         node = await agent_run.__anext__()

Author: I've tentatively decided to do both, but calling `next` without passing a node just runs what would other wise be the next node (basically same as `__anext__`). This feels like the most consistent behavior, but it doesn't solve the issue of needing a way to get the _first_ node _before_ it is run, which making `.next_node` public does. Actually, I just made `next_node` a property that returns `_next_node`, which I think is a good balance between ease of use and having too many ways to do the same thing (if we let you set the `next_node` attribute you could replace calls to `next` with mutations during the `async for` loop, which seems worth discouraging).

>         node = await agent_run.__anext__()

Author: This is updated now and I think better.

            node = await agent_run.next(node)
            all_nodes.append(node)

        print(all_nodes)
        """
        [
            ModelRequestNode(
                request=ModelRequest(
                    parts=[
                        UserPromptPart(
                            content='What is the capital of France?',
                            timestamp=datetime.datetime(...),
                            part_kind='user-prompt',
                        )
                    ],
                    kind='request',
                )
            ),
            HandleResponseNode(
                model_response=ModelResponse(
                    parts=[TextPart(content='Paris', part_kind='text')],
                    model_name='function:model_logic',
                    timestamp=datetime.datetime(...),
                    kind='response',
                )
            ),
            End(data=FinalResult(data='Paris', tool_name=None)),
        ]
        """
```

- When you call `await agent_run.next(node)`, it executes that node in the agent's graph, updates the run's history, and returns the *next* node to run.

> - The agent run is finished once an `End` node has been produced; instances of `End` cannot be passed to `next`.

Author: By this do you mean the numbered comment things that you can click + for? Makes sense, I'll try to make that change.

from pydantic_ai import Agent

agent = Agent('openai:gpt-4o')

async def main():
    nodes = []
    # Begin an AgentRun, which is an async-iterable over the nodes of the agent's graph
    with agent.iter('What is the capital of France?') as agent_run:
        async for node in agent_run:
            # Each node represents a step in the agent's execution
            nodes.append(node)
    print(nodes)
    """
    [
        ModelRequestNode(
            request=ModelRequest(
                parts=[
                    UserPromptPart(
                        content='What is the capital of France?',
                        timestamp=datetime.datetime(...),
                        part_kind='user-prompt',
                    )
                ],
                kind='request',
            )
        ),
        HandleResponseNode(
            model_response=ModelResponse(
                parts=[TextPart(content='Paris', part_kind='text')],
                model_name='function:model_logic',
                timestamp=datetime.datetime(...),
                kind='response',
            )
        ),
        End(data=FinalResult(data='Paris', tool_name=None)),
    ]
    """

>     print(agent_run.final_result.data)

Author: Here we have `agent_run.final_result.data`; in the graph APIs we have the (imo significantly worse) `run.final_result.result`. Is there any way we can improve the naming and use the word `result` less? Maybe we can change `final_result` to `output` or something? And ideally we can be find a way to be more consistent between using `data` and `result` on the run outputs?

On `AgentRun`, we get `.data` because that's the name of the field on the `FinalResult` class; on `pydantic_graph.graph.GraphRunResult` the relevant field is `result`. We could rename that to `data` but `data` also feels a bit over-abstract.
